# Medical-Report-predication-with-deep-learning

The rapid and successful development of deep learning in research fields such as
Computer Vision (CV) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) has found an
important application area in healthcare. Research over the last five years shows a
clear improvement in detection by computer vision, specifically in disease
prediction from medical images.

In the medical field physicians examine patients by its medical report, and it is
more important physicians have good experience and The lack of specialist
physicians is even more critical in resource-limited countries when A.I comes and
performs great.

This task combines two areas of Deep learning first is Computer Vision and second
is Natural Language Processing. Given as input one or more medical images of a
patient, a text report is output that is as similar as possible to one generated by a
radiologist.

There are some assumptions, there are some techniques in the medical field for
examinations like X-Ray, Computed - Tomography (CT) and MRI, but we chose
X-Ray for this task, we are taking publicly available Indian University (IU) dataset.
Dataset contains two chest X - Ray (frontal and lateral) and its reports in XML
format, XML file contain 4 unique tags as follows.

1. Comparison (provide information of a serial follow-up procedure),
2. Indication (patient medical information)
3. Findings (depth information as per report)
4. Impression (generate by comparison and findings)

We will use different state-of-art techniques for this task like CNN, RNN, LSTM,GRU
etc., we will use GRU with the Attention Model, because the Attention model
mainly focuses on the important words. So it can improve the prediction of report
text.
